Handle empty selection array (#46)
0no-co/graphql.web: .changeset/soft-penguins-switch.md

---
'@0no-co/graphql.web': patch
---

> Handle selection-sets with an empty selections array in a `documentNode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix printing when a manually created AST node with an empty selection set array is passed to the printer
```

just would love to clarify when and where this is relevant
